<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="g_legal">
  <title>Trademark notices</title>
  <body>
    <p>Copyright © <ph conref="g_variables.dita#g_variables/product-copyright-years"/>, Motorola Mobility, Inc. All rights
      reserved.</p>
    <p>This documentation is provided to you under the terms of the Motorola End User License Agreement. Motorola Mobility, Inc.
      reserves the right to revise this documentation and to make changes in content from time to time without
      obligation on the part of Motorola Mobility, Inc. to provide notification of such revision or changes.</p>
    <p>If this documentation is provided on compact disc or as part of another software package, the other software and
      documentation on the compact disc are subject to the license agreement accompanying the compact disc.</p>
    <p>MOTOROLA and the Stylized M Logo are registered in the U.S. Patent &amp; Trademark Office. <ph
        product="android-studio">Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Use of this trademark is subject to <xref
          scope="external" format="html" href="http://www.google.com/permissions/index.html">Google Permissions</xref>.
      </ph>Java and all other Java-based marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the
      U.S. and other countries. Eclipse is a trademark of Eclipse Foundation, Inc. <ph product="android-studio"
        >DeviceAnywhere is a trademark of Mobile Complete, Inc. </ph><ph product="webui">Microsoft, Windows, Windows Me,
        and Windows XP are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Linux is the registered trademark of Linus
        Torvalds in the United States and other countries. VMware is a registered trademark or trademarks (the "Marks")
        of VMware, Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. </ph>
      <ph product="javame-studio javame-sdk">Symbian and UIQ are registered trademarks of Symbian Software Ltd. </ph>
      All other product and service names are the property of their respective owners.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
