<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_activity-creating">
  <title>Adding an Android activity</title>
  <shortdesc>Allows you to easily add a new activity to an existing Android project. Activities are typically used to
    implement part of the application's UI.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context/>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Package Explorer, right-click the project to which the activity should be added and select
            <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Activity</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you would like to base this activity on one of the supplied templates (and thus have some of the code
          filled in for you), click <uicontrol>Create New Activity Based on Template</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>From the list of template activities, select the one upon which the activity should be based. Note that
              one of the samples--Database List--lists the contents of selected columns within your application's SQLite
              database; in order to select this sample your application must already have a database in its <codeph
                >assets</codeph> folder.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the contents of the <uicontrol>Source folder</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Package</uicontrol> fields,
          ensuring that they are correct for your project.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Specify a name for your new Activity subclass in <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>By default the new activity will not have a label of its own; the application's label will be used if and
          when the activity needs to be presented to the user. If you want a specific label for this activity, clear the
            <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol> option (next to the <uicontrol>Label</uicontrol> field) and then enter your
          preferred user-readable label.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If this activity uses device capabilities for which the user must grant permission, specify them in the
            <uicontrol>Permission</uicontrol> area. These permissions will be added to the appropriate place in your
          application's manifest file. To specify a permission, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>, select the needed
          permission, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Specify the intents that this new activity responds to: for each, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> (next to
            <uicontrol>Action</uicontrol>) and select the appropriate intent or click <uicontrol>Input</uicontrol> and
          enter the full name of the intent in the field provided.</cmd>
        <info>You can select multiple intents from the dialog that appears when you click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>. To
          select a range, select the first item in the set and then hold down the Shift key while selecting the last
          item in the set. To select multiple separate intents, select the first item and then hold down the Control key
          while selecting the remaining items.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you need to specify additional information about the intents using one or more standard action
          categories, for each click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> (next to <uicontrol>Category</uicontrol>) and select the
          appropriate one or click <uicontrol>Input</uicontrol> and enter a category manually.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Unless you are basing your new activity on a template, the New Android Activity wizard will create the
          activity with an empty onCreate() method. If you will be implementing onStart(), select the option to include
          an empty onStart() method as well.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If this new activity is the one that should be started when the application is launched, select <uicontrol
            >Set as the main activity</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The activity is created and added to the selected project. It is also opened in an editor view.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
