<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_app-debugging_android">
  <title>Debugging an Android application</title>
  <shortdesc>Use this procedure to debug an Android application, defined by a project listed in the Package Explorer, on
    an emulated device, or on a physical device connected to your development
    computer.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>In order to debug your application, you need to have a target device defined. To debug on an emulated
      device, you must have created at least one AVD. To debug on a physical device, you must <!--either -->connect that
      device to your development computer using a supported method such as a USB
      cable<!--, or you must have acquired the device
      and connected to it using the <tm tmtype="tm">DeviceAnywhere</tm> service-->.</prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set a breakpoint in your project by double-clicking in the grey "gutter" to the left of the line before
          which execution should halt.</cmd>
        <stepresult>A blue circle appears in the gutter, indicating that a breakpoint has been set. Note that if you do
          not set a breakpoint before beginning to debug, execution does not automatically halt anywhere within your
          application.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Right-click the project in the Package Explorer and select <menucascade><uicontrol>Debug
              As</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Application using Studio for Android</uicontrol></menucascade> from the
          menu that appears.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The Debug Configurations dialog appears, open to your application's debug configuration (if this is
          the first time you have debugged this application, a new configuration will have been created for
        you).</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>On the Main tab of the Debug Configurations dialog, click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> next to the
            <uicontrol>Instance</uicontrol> field and select the target AVD or device.</cmd>
        <info>The Instance Selection list lists all AVDs and all physical devices connected to your development
          computer<!--, and all Android devices acquired through the DeviceAnywhere VDL-->. If the Instance Selection
          list is empty, you will either need to create an AVD or connect an Android device to your development
          computer<!--, or use DeviceAnywhere Studio to acquire and connect to a target device-->.</info>
      </step>
      <!--<step xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"><cmd>If you are debugging on a remote device through the DeviceAnywhere VDL, select <uicontrol>Launcher for DeviceAnywhere Studio devices</uicontrol>. Otherwise, leave <uicontrol>Default launcher</uicontrol> selected.</cmd></step>-->
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Debug</uicontrol> to save and run your new configuration.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you are debugging your application on an emulated device and the Android Emulator view is not open, you
          will be asked whether the emulator should be presented within an Eclipse view. If you click <uicontrol
          >No</uicontrol>, the emulator will appear in a separate window.</cmd>
        <info>At any time you can switch the emulator from a view within MOTODEV Studio to an external window (or from an external window to a view): see <xref href="t_emulator-external.dita"></xref>.
</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The application is transferred to the target device and then launched for debugging.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
