<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_app-launching_android">
  <title>Running an Android application</title>
  <shortdesc>Use this procedure to run an Android application, defined by a project listed in the Package Explorer, on
    an emulated device or on a physical device connected to your development
    computer.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>In order to run your application, you need to have a target device defined. To run on an emulated device,
      you must have created at least one AVD. To run on a physical device, you must <!--either -->connect that device to
      your development computer using a supported method such as a USB
      cable<!--, or you must have acquired the device and connected to it using the <tm tmtype="tm" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">DeviceAnywhere</tm> service-->.</prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Right-click the project in the Package Explorer and select <menucascade><uicontrol>Run
              As</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Application using Studio for Android</uicontrol></menucascade> from the
          menu that appears. If MOTODEV Studio is able to determine on which device the app should be run, it will
          simply run the app. Otherwise, The Run Configurations dialog appears, open to your application's run
          configuration (if this is the first time you have run this application, a new configuration will have been
          created for you).</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On the Main tab of the Run Configurations dialog, click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> next to the
                <uicontrol>Device</uicontrol> field and select the target AVD or device.</cmd>
            <info>The Device Selection list lists all AVDs and all physical devices connected to your development
              computer<!--, and all Android devices acquired through the DeviceAnywhere VDL-->. If the Device Selection
              list is empty, you will either need to create an AVD or connect an Android device to your development
              computer<!--, or use the DeviceAnywhere VDL to acquire a target device-->.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol> to save and run your new configuration.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <info>When you use <menucascade><uicontrol>Run As</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Application using Studio for
              Android</uicontrol></menucascade> and there isn't an existing Run Configuration for your application,
          MOTODEV Studio constructs one for you. It determines the appropriate target device by first looking at online
          devices; the first one (in alphabetical order, by name) that has a compatible API version is used. If there
          are no compatible devices currently online, it then looks at the offline devices: the first of these (again,
          in alphabetical order, by name) that has a compatible API version is started and used. If none of the devices,
          online or not, are compatible, you are presented with the Run Configurations dialog.</info>
      </step>
      <!--<step xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"><cmd>If you are running on a remote device through the DeviceAnywhere VDL, select <uicontrol>Launcher for DeviceAnywhere Studio devices</uicontrol>. Otherwise, leave <uicontrol>Default launcher</uicontrol> selected.</cmd></step>-->
      <step>
        <cmd>If you are running your application on an emulated device and the Android Emulator view is not open, you
          will be asked whether the emulator should be presented within an Eclipse view. If you click <uicontrol
          >No</uicontrol>, the emulator will appear in a separate window.</cmd>
        <info>At any time you can switch the emulator from a view within MOTODEV Studio to an external window (or from
          an external window to a view): see <xref href="t_emulator-external.dita"/>. </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The application is transferred to the target device and then launched.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
