<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_content-provider-creating">
  <title>Adding a content provider</title>
  <shortdesc>Allows you to easily add a new content provider, with empty implementations of many commonly-used methods,
    to an existing Android project. A content provider allows other applications and services to access your
    application's data, and can be used to expose your application's tables as live folders.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context/>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Package Explorer, right-click the project to which the activity should be added and select
            <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Content Provider</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Specify a name for your new ContentProvider subclass in <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>By default the new provider will not have a label of its own; the application's label will be used to
          represent the content being exposed. If you want a specific label for this content provider, clear the
            <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol> option (next to the <uicontrol>Label</uicontrol> field) and then enter your
          preferred user-readable label.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If this content provider uses device capabilities for which the user must grant permission, specify them in
          the <uicontrol>Permission</uicontrol> area. These permissions will be added to the appropriate place in your
          application's manifest file. To specify a permission, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>, select the needed
          permission, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Content providers typically use a URI containing the name of their ContentProvider subclass to identify the
          data being exposed by the provider. The <uicontrol>Use default authority</uicontrol> option, which is selected
          by default, causes the New Android Content Provider wizard to do this for you. If you wish to specify a
          different URI, or if you wish to specify additional URIs for this content provider, for each click <uicontrol
            >Add</uicontrol> (next to <uicontrol>Authorities</uicontrol>) and enter the desired URI.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The content provider is created and added to the selected project. It is also opened in an editor
    view.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
