<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_db-about" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Exploring and manipulating Android databases</title>
  <shortdesc>The MOTODEV Database Explorer perspective allows you to create and delete SQLite databases and database
    tables, view and edit database table content, and import and export database table contents, all on a connected
    developer handset or emulated device, within an Android project, or anywhere else accessible to your development
    computer (such as on an SD card within a connected handset that is currently mounted for USB access). Note that for
    security reasons you can only work with emulated devices or Android devices intended for development; you cannot
    view or modify database contents on a production Android handset.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>The MOTODEV Database Explorer view lists the following:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Connected devices and running emulators</dt>
          <dd>These are listed first in the MOTODEV Database Explorer view. Note that all Android AVDs are listed, not
            just those that are running (AVDs listed with a disclosure triangle to the left of them are running; those
            without a disclosure triangle are not runing). Connected devices are listed, but once they are disconnected
            they are removed from the list. If the connected device or running emulator contains an SD card, disclosing
            the device's applications also lists "External Storage"; you can map the databases on the device's SD card
            for browsing or editing without having to mount the SD card for USB access. Note that non-development
            handsets do not provide access to their databases. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Projects in your current workspace</dt>
          <dd>Within the entry labeled "Workspace" are all of the Android projects found within your current workspace.
            Those listed with a disclosure triangle to the left contain a database. Those without a disclosure triangle
            do not currently contain a database (although you can add one).</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Databases outside your current workspace that you have mapped</dt>
          <dd>The "Filesystem" grouping in the MOTODEV Database Explorer view lists additional SQLite databases that you
            have "mapped" into the view. This allows you to work with databases that are outside of your current
            workspace. In particular, you can connect an Android handset to your development computer, mount its SD card
            for USB access, and then map any databases on that SD card. You can then browse and edit those databases as
            you would any other.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </context>
  </taskbody>
</task>
