<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_emulator-view-opening">
  <title>Opening the Android Emulator view</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>MOTODEV Studio for Android can open the Android Emulator view for you whenever you start an AVD from the Device
        Management view or whenever you launch one of the run configurations that targets an AVD (which automatically
        starts the AVD, which can open the Android Emulator view). At the point where MOTODEV Studio for Android
        determines that you might want the Android Emulator view opened, it prompts you. If you say "no", the view is
        not opened: instead the emulator launches and runs in an external window.</p>
      <p>To explicitly open the Android Emulator view:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Show View</uicontrol><uicontrol>Other</uicontrol></menucascade> from the
            <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol> menu. (If <uicontrol>Android Emulator</uicontrol> is listed under <uicontrol
            >Show View</uicontrol>, select that; the Android Emulator view will open directly.)</cmd>
        <stepresult>The Show View dialog appears.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>MOTODEV Studio for Android</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Emulator</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The Android Emulator view appears. Any AVDs running in the background will be displayed in this view. If no
      AVDs are running, it will be empty.</result>
    <postreq>
      <p>Using this view you can interact with the emulated device. You can enlarge or shrink the handset image or
        switch between portrait and landscape orientation using the controls at the top of the view.</p>
      <p>Except on Mac OS X, to work with the emulator in a separate window simply close the Android Emulator view and
        click <uicontrol>No</uicontrol> when you are asked if running emulator instances should be stopped. Opening the
        Android Emulator view while the emulator is running externally causes the emulator to be shown in the view. On
        Mac OS X, things work somewhat differently: see <xref href="t_emulator-external.dita"/> for instructions.</p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
