<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_emulator-language-changing" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Changing the emulator's operating language</title>
  <shortdesc>From the Device Management view you can change the locale of a running emulator, and thus its operating
    language.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>You have two options for changing the operating language of a running emulator: either use the <uicontrol
          >Custom Locale</uicontrol> application (found on the Application tab of the emulated device), or change the
        emulator settings using the appropriate adb commands. MOTODEV Studio for Android simplifies this latter
        operation, allowing you to easily change the emulator's locale from the Device Management view. Note that the
        emulator will be restarted if you choose this option.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Device Management view, right-click the running emulator and select <uicontrol>Language</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The Emulator Language dialog appears.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Specify the desired locale as a combination of language and country. For example, to configure the emulator
          to appear as it would in England, select "English" as the language and "United Kingdom" as the country.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>MOTODEV Studio for Android issues the appropriate <codeph>setprop persist</codeph> adb shell commands, and
      then restarts the emulator.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
