<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_emulator_external" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Opening the emulator in an external window</title>
  <shortdesc>MOTODEV Studio normally presents emulated devices in the Android Emulator view. If you prefer, though,
    emulated devices can be displayed in a window external to MOTODEV Studio.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>By default, MOTODEV Studio for Android opens the device emulator in an Eclipse view. Except on Mac OS X, to
        work with the emulator in a separate window simply close the Android Emulator view and click <uicontrol
        >No</uicontrol> when you are asked if running emulator instances should be stopped. The reverse works as you
        might expect: while the emulator is running externally if you open the Android Emulator view the emulator will
        be shown in that view (rather than externally).</p>
      <p>On Mac OS X, things work a bit differently. Here, each AVD has an associated property that controls whether or
        not the emulator is shown externally. In addition, if the Android Emulator view is open, the emulator is shown
        there. This means that you can show the emulator in a view, or externally, or in both places at once, or in
        neither place. </p>
      <p><b>The remainder of this document assumes that you are running Mac OS X.</b>
      </p>
      <p>AVDs are presented within the Android Emulator view by default. To specify that an AVD be opened externally at
        the time you create it: click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> after filling out the dialog asking for the AVD target
        and skin. In the dialog that follows (the one in which you set startup options for the AVD), on the <uicontrol
          >Others</uicontrol> tab, remove the <uicontrol>-no-window</uicontrol> option.</p>
      <p>To alter an existing AVD so that it opens externally:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Right-click the AVD and select <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The Properties dialog appears.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Properties dialog, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Android Virtual Device</uicontrol><uicontrol
              >Startup Options</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Startup Options dialog, on the <uicontrol>Others</uicontrol> tab, clear the <uicontrol
          >-no-window</uicontrol> option.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to save your changes and close the dialog</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="important">If the AVD is running at the time you make this change, you will need to stop and
            restart the AVD.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you do not wish to also see the emulator presented in the Android Emulator view, close that view. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>Note that if the AVD has the <uicontrol>-no-window</uicontrol> option set and you elect not to have the
      emulator presented within an Eclipse view, the AVD will not be displayed. Conversely, if you leave the <uicontrol
        >-no-window</uicontrol> option set and you also specify that the emulator is to be displayed within an Eclipse
      view, it will appear both within Eclipse and in a separate window. </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
