<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_obfuscating">
  <title>Obfuscating Android projects</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>ADT uses ProGuard to shrink, optimize, and obfuscate your Java code. Obfuscation is intended to make your Java
        code harder to reverse-engineer, and thus is a useful tool when writing code that needs to be secure. Android
        projects are not obfuscated by default, but you can enable it at project creation time or after the fact. Note
        that obfuscation is only performed when building a release version of your project: obfuscation gets in the way
        of the debugging process and thus is not performed for debug builds.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>To specify at project creation time that a project should be obfuscated, simply select <uicontrol>Obfuscate
            Java classes</uicontrol> in the New Android Project using Studio for Android dialog.</li>
        <li>To enable obfuscation for a single project, right-click the project in the Package Explorer, select
            <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>, select <uicontrol>MOTODEV Studio</uicontrol> from the list of properties,
          and then select <uicontrol>Obfuscate Java classes</uicontrol>. Clear this option if you want to prevent
          obfuscation of this project in future project builds.</li>
        <li>To enable or disable obfuscation for multiple projects, select <uicontrol>Enable/Disable Obfuscation</uicontrol> from the MOTODEV menu. In the dialog that appears select those projects that should be
          obfuscated (ensuring that any projects that should not be obfuscated are not selected), then click <uicontrol
            >OK</uicontrol>. </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Whichever of the above you use to enable obfuscation, MOTODEV Studio for Android enables and configures
        ProGuard for you. If needed you can then further customize it as outlined on the ProGuard page within the
        Android developer documentation.</p>
      <note>ProGuard requires that your development computer have a full JDK (Java Development Kit) installed; you
        cannot obfuscate your Android projects with only a JRE (Java Runtime Environment). Also, ProGuard will not work
        if the project's path contains spaces or parenthesis.</note>
    </context>
  </taskbody>
</task>
