<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="t_project-creating_android">
  <title>Creating a MOTODEV Studio for Android project</title>
  <shortdesc>The New Android project wizard allows you to quickly and easily create a new application for an Android
    device.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context/>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Android Project using
              Studio for Android</uicontrol></menucascade>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>The New Android Project dialog appears with a number of default values filled in.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Specify a name for your new project in <uicontrol>Project name</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>By default the New Android Project wizard will create a very basic Android project with a single activity
          that will serve as a starting point. If you would prefer to start from one of the sample applications included
          with the Android SDK, select <uicontrol>Create new project using sample</uicontrol> (on the following dialog
          you will be asked to select the sample application). Or, if you have an existing Android project outside of
          your workspace that you want to open, select <uicontrol>Create project from existing source</uicontrol> and
          then specify the path to the existing project using the <uicontrol>Location</uicontrol> field (note that in
          this case the project already exists so there is no need to specify a location in which the project is to be
          created; skip the next step).</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you want your project stored in a subdirectory (named with the project name) within default location
          (usually the workspace root) leave <uicontrol>Use default location</uicontrol> selected. Otherwise: </cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clear <uicontrol>Use default location</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Location</uicontrol> field to specify the directory in which the project
              subdirectory should be created.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <info>Some features, such as obfuscation, will not work if the project's path contains spaces or
        parenthesis.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify that the SDK target is correct for your application.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Using the <uicontrol>Application name</uicontrol> field, supply the name that your application should be
          labeled with in the Android home screen.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the <uicontrol>Package name</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Activity name</uicontrol>, and <uicontrol>Min
            SDK version</uicontrol> fields. All are set to reasonable defaults by the new Android Project wizard, but
          all can be changed if needed for your particular application.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If the new Android project will contain native (C/C++) code in addition to Java, select <uicontrol>Add
            native support</uicontrol>. Note that you will not be able to select this option unless you have properly
          installed the Android NDK and configured MOTODEV Studio for Android for native development.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If your Java classes should be obfuscated when you create a release version of your app, select <uicontrol
            >Obfuscate Java classes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you elected to create a new project based upon an SDK sample, click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>, select
          the sample, and then click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. Otherwise, just click <uicontrol
        >Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>You project is now created and added to those listed in the Project Explorer view. </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
