<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_avd-offline-dialog" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Preferred AVD Offline dialog</title>
  <shortdesc>The AVD specified by your run configuration is offline, but a compatible AVD is running. This dialog gives
    you the choice of either launching the app in the compatible AVD or starting the specified AVD and launching it
    there.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>This dialog is only displayed if you attempt to launch an app on an emulated device (AVD) that isn't
      running while there is a compatible emulated device already running. The three buttons in this dialog allow you to
      do the following:</section>
    <simpletable>
      <strow>
        <stentry>
          <uicontrol>Ignore</uicontrol>
        </stentry>
        <stentry>Ignore the suggested AVD(s). Launch the AVD specified in the run configuration, and then install and
          run the app on that AVD.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>
          <uicontrol>Abort</uicontrol>
        </stentry>
        <stentry>Cancel the app launch.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>
          <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>
        </stentry>
        <stentry>Deploy the app to the chosen AVD and launch it, rather than using the AVD specified in the run
          configuration. Note that the OK button is disabled if you have not yet selected a running AVD.</stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
    <section>There is also an option to "Update configuration to use selected AVD". If you select this option, the
      Device field in the run configuration will be changed to the selected AVD, ensuring that future runs of that
      configuration will deploy to the selected AVD automatically.</section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
