<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_avd-properties" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Android Virtual Device Properties</title>
  <shortdesc>Presents the basic properties of an Android Virtual Device (AVD), such as the name, target device, skin,
    and the path to the AVD file. This properties dialog also allows you to specify proxy settings for connecting the
    AVD to the Internet, emulator snapshot settings, the technology used when presenting the emulator in the Android
    Emulator view (Windows and Linux only), and a timeout value used when launching the emulator.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>To view the properties of an AVD, right-click the entry for the AVD in the Device Management view and
      select <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> from the menu that appears. For more detailed properties, select
        <menucascade><uicontrol>Android Virtual Device</uicontrol><uicontrol>Device Properties</uicontrol></menucascade>
      in the left pane of the Properties dialog. Options that control how the emulator is launched can be found under
        <menucascade><uicontrol>Android Virtual Device</uicontrol><uicontrol>Startup Options</uicontrol></menucascade>.</section>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Proxy Settings</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Select this option if you want the emulated device to use the same network settings that Eclipse is
            configured to use. If your network requires the use of a proxy, for instance, and Eclipse is configured to
            use that proxy, selecting this option causes the emulated device to use that same proxy for its network
            communications.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Snapshot Settings</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Enables the capture and use of a "snapshot"--a copy of the emulator's memory--to speed the emulator
            startup process (subsequent to the first startup; the initial startup will proceed at the normal speed, but
            after a snapshot has been taken subsequent startups can be based on that snapshot, bypassing much of the
            startup process)</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Internal Emulator Window</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>(not available on Mac OS X) Specifies whether, when displaying the emulator image in the Android
            Emulator view, the emulator image is presented natively or using VNC. Leave <uicontrol>Show the Native
              Emulator Window within an Eclipse View (Recommended)</uicontrol> selected unless you know that the native
            option does not work correctly on your development machine (in which case you should select <uicontrol>Use
              VNC to show the Emulator within an Eclipse View</uicontrol>). Note that you cannot change the <uicontrol
              >Internal Emulator Window</uicontrol> properties while the emulator is running.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Timeout (sec)</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Specifies the timeout value used when starting the emulator; if the emulator does not launch during
            the specified interval, the launch is aborted. Note that you cannot change the timeout value while the
            emulator is running.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
