<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_emulator-language" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Emulator Language dialog</title>
  <shortdesc>Changes the emulated device's configuration to a locale that you specify as a combination of language and
    region (or country). Note that this operation causes the emulator to restart.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This function (accessible by right-clicking a running emulator from the Device Management view and selecting
          <uicontrol>Language</uicontrol>) changes the emulator settings to the selected locale using <codeph>setprop
          persist</codeph> adb shell commands. The emulator is then restarted so that the settings can take effect. Note
        that not all emulators support all of the listed languages and countries; if you select an unsupported locale
        the system displays using its default language. However, your application should localize based upon the
        selected locale.</p>
      <p>A locale is specified as a combination of language and region (or country).</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Language</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The language the device should use. Select from the provided list of languages.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Country</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The region that uses the desired language. Select from the provided list.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>Note that you can instead change the emulator's locale using the <uicontrol>Custom Locale</uicontrol>
      application that is accessible from the Application tab on the emulated device.</section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
