<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_keystore-select" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Import Keystore (during package export) dialog</title>
  <shortdesc>Allows you to select a keystore that isn't known to the Signing and Keys view for use during the package export process. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This dialog is displayed when you click <uicontrol>Use existing</uicontrol> in the Export Android Package Files dialog while exporting an Android package using MOTODEV Studio's export wizard.</p>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Keystore Filename</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Path to the keystore file to be used.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Keystore Type</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>List of keystore types (JKS, JCEKS, or PCKS12). The keystore being used must be one of the listed
            types, and you must identify the keystore's type using this list.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Keystore Password</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The password, specified when the keystore was created, that protects this keystore. You must supply
            this password.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Save this password</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Select this option if you want MOTODEV Studio to automatically supply the password when you add keys
            to this keystore or delete keys within this keystore. Leave this option unselected if you want MOTODEV
            Studio to prompt for the password for each operation.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Also import this to Signing and Keys view</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Indicates that this keystore should also be added to the Signing and Keys view, for subsequent easy
            access.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
