<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_new-widget-provider" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>New Android Widget Provider wizard</title>
  <shortdesc>Creates a new Android widget provider.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Source folder</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The folder into which the source code for the new widget provider is to be stored. By default this is
            the current project's src folder.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Package</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The package that is to contain the new widget provider. By default this is the current project's
            package.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The name to be used for the class that implements the widget provider. This should be a simple,
            non-qualified name.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Label</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>(optional) The label for the widget provider. Note that if you specify a label, the New Android
            Widget Provider wizard creates a string resource to hold this value. If the <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol>
            option is selected, a label is not set for this widget provider (the Label field is not editable); the
            application's label is used instead.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Superclass</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>This field is not editable. Widget providers subclass <codeph
            >android.appwidget.AppWidgetProvider</codeph>.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Permission</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Permissions that should be added to the application's manifest file. Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>
            to display a list of permissions from which you can choose.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
