<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_new-broadcast-receiver" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>New Broadcast Receiver wizard</title>
  <shortdesc> Creates a new Android broadcast receiver.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Source folder</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The folder into which the source code for the new broadcast receiver is to be stored. By default this
            is the current project's src folder.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Package</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The package that is to contain the new broadcast receiver. By default this is the current project's
            package.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The name to be used for the class that implements the broadcast receiver. This should be a simple,
            non-qualified name.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Label</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>(optional) The label for the broadcast receiver. Note that if you specify a label, the New Broadcast
            Receiver wizard creates a string resource to hold this value. If the <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol> option
            is selected, a label is not set for this broadcast receiver (the Label field is not editable); the
            application's label is used instead.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Superclass</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The class from which the broadcast receiver inherits. For broadcast receivers, this is <codeph
              >android.app.BroadcastReceiver</codeph>.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Permission</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>(optional) Permissions that should be added to the project's manifest file due to this broadcast
            receiver. Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to display a list of possible permissions from which you can
            select.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Action</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>(optional) The actions to be performed by an intent filter associated with this broadcast receiver.
            Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to select from the available actions.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Category</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>(optional) The associated intent filter's categories. Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to select from
            the available categories.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
