<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_new-device-startup_android" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>New Android Virtual Device Instance dialog (startup options)</title>
  <shortdesc>The third in a sequence of dialogs that are presented when you create a new AVD from the Device Management
    view, this dialog lets you specify options that are applied when you start the emulator.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This dialog contains a number of tabs, each with a number of fields. Note that beneath the tabbed sections is a
        non-editable <uicontrol>Startup Arguments</uicontrol> field that presents your selected options, command-line
        style, as they will be passed to the emulator when it is started. See <xref
          href="http://d.android.com/guide/developing/tools/emulator.html#startup-options" format="html"
          scope="external">http://d.android.com/guide/developing/tools/emulator.html#startup-options</xref> for all of
        the possible command-line arguments.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>User Interface tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Screen Resolution</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>A DPI value that represents a scaling factor to be applied to the emulator window. This allows you to
            alter the emulator's screen resolution to match the screen size of an actual device. By default, this value
            is 165. Click the <uicontrol>Calculate</uicontrol> button to calculate screen resolution and scale values
            that result in a life-sized image given the screen size of the device being emulated (in inches) and your
            development computer's display size (in inches) or density (DPI).</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Scale</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>A value ranging from 0.1 to 3.0 that represents the scaling factor to be applied to the emulator
            window. To specify the scale as a DPI value, include a suffix of "dpi". Click the <uicontrol
            >Calculate</uicontrol> button to calculate screen resolution and scale values that result in a life-sized
            image given the screen size of the device being emulated (in inches) and your development computer's display
            size (in inches) or density (DPI).</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Disable Boot Animation</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Speeds up the emulator startup by disabling the boot animation sequence.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Don't show Emulator Skin</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Hides the "skin" that makes the emulated device look more like a specific handheld. Note that the
            skin includes the device keyboard (if the emulated device has a physical keyboard); hiding the skin makes
            this keyboard, along with any other physical controls presented by the emulated device, inaccessible. Also
            note that if you change this option on a running emulator, you will need to stop and restart the emulator
            for the option to take effect.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Disk Images tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Cache</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The working cache partition image.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>User Data</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The working user-data disk image.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Init User Data</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>A file containing a user-data disk image that is copied to the working user-data disk image if the
              <uicontrol>Wipe User Data</uicontrol> option is selected. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>RAM</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>A file that to be used as a RAM-disk image.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>SD Card</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>An SD card image that will be used by the new AVD instance.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Disable Cache Partition</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Controls whether or not the AVD uses a cache partition.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Wipe User Data</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Select this option to reset the user-data disk image when the AVD starts up. If a disk image is
            provided in the <uicontrol>Init User Data</uicontrol> field, the contents of that file are copied to the
            working user-data disk image, rather than the emulator's default image.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Network tab</title>
      <p>The fields on this tab control how the AVD accesses the Internet.</p>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>DNS Server</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>A comma-separated list of up to four DNS server names or IP addresses to be used by the
          AVD.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>HTTP Proxy</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>An HTTP/HTTPS proxy through which all TCP connections are routed. See <xref
              href="http://d.android.com/guide/developing/tools/emulator.html#startup-options" format="html"
              scope="external">http://d.android.com/guide/developing/tools/emulator.html#startup-options</xref> for the
            format of this field.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Network Latency</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Emulates the network latency of various cellular network types, such as GPRS, EDGE, or UMTS.
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Network Speed</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Throttles the networking speed to simulate that of a cellular network. Use this field to specify the
            desired network type.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Port Number</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The console port number for this emulator instance. This should be an even integer value that ranges
            from 5554 to 5584.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Max Network Speed/Min Network Latency</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Indicates that network operations should proceed at full speed, with no latency.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>System tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>CPU Delay</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Allows you to emulate a slow CPU. Supply a value from 0 (no delay) to 1000 (maximum delay). Note that
            these integer values simply indicate a relative degree of delay and do not represent any actual amount of
            time. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Redirect GPS</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Emulates an NMEA-compatible GPS device that is connected to an external character device or socket.
            For information on the format of this field, see the description of the -serial option in the QEMU user
            documentation, which can be found at <xref href="http://www.nongnu.org/qemu/qemu-doc.html" format="html"
              scope="external">http://www.nongnu.org/qemu/qemu-doc.html</xref>.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Disable JNI checks</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Disables JNI checks in the Dalvik runtime.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Others tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Other Startup Options</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Use this field to enter any other startup options not available from the other tabs. Enter the
            startup options as documented in the Android developer documentation at <xref
              href="http://d.android.com/guide/developing/tools/emulator.html#startup-options" format="html"
              scope="external"
          >http://d.android.com/guide/developing/tools/emulator.html#startup-options</xref>.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
