<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_new-device-main_android" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>New Android Virtual Device Instance dialog (main information)</title>
  <shortdesc>The second in a sequence of dialogs that are presented when you create a new AVD from the Device Management
    view, this dialog lets you specify various aspects of the AVD itself, such as which version of the operating system
    it runs and what the screen dimensions are.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <uicontrol>AVD Target</uicontrol>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>The system image the AVD is to use.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <uicontrol>AVD Skin</uicontrol>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>The screen resolution and orientation. For instance, "HVGA-L" causes the AVD to use an HVGA display
            (480x320 pixels) in landscape orientation. "QVGA-P" indicates a QVGA display (320x240 pixels) in portrait
            orientation.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <uicontrol>AVD Path</uicontrol>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>Use this field if you want to specify a non-default location for the AVD directory that will be
            constructed for this virtual device. Leave <uicontrol>Use default</uicontrol> selected if the default
            location is acceptable. Otherwise, clear the <uicontrol>Use default</uicontrol> option and specify your
            desired directory location.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>SD Card</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Allows you to specify whether the emulated device has an emulated SD card. To use an existing SD card
            image (a .img file), select <uicontrol>Existing</uicontrol> and then specify the path to the card image
            file. To create a new SD card, select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>, enter a numeric value in the field that
            follows, and specify the units for that value (KB or MB).</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Internal Emulator Window</uicontrol> (not available on Mac OS X)</stentry>
          <stentry>Controls whether the AVD is displayed within the Android Emulator view directly or using VNC.
            Normally you would leave <uicontrol>Show the Native Emulator Window within an Eclipse View
            (Recommended)</uicontrol> selected; only if the native option does not work correctly on your development
            machine should you select <uicontrol>Use VNC to show the Emulator within an Eclipse View</uicontrol>. Note
            that these options only control how the emulator image is displayed within the Android Emulator view, and
            not whether the image is displayed in a view or in an external window.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <uicontrol>Timeout (sec)</uicontrol>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>AVD timeout value. By default this is set to 60 seconds.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <p>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to create the AVD with the default startup options, or click <uicontrol
          >Next</uicontrol> if you want to view and possibly alter the options that will be used when this AVD is
        started.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
