<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_options-menu-code-create" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Generate Options Menu Code Based on xml file</title>
  <shortdesc>Generates options menu code from a selected xml-format menu definition file in your project's res/menu
    folder. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This dialog is presented when you select a project in the Package Explorer that has one or more menus in the
        project's res/menu folder and then select <menucascade>
          <uicontrol>Auto-Generated Code</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>Generate Java Code Based on Menu xml Files</uicontrol>
        </menucascade> from the <uicontrol>MOTODEV</uicontrol> menu.</p>
      <p>This command can be re-invoked as many times as necessary to accomodate changes to your xml file.</p>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Project</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The project into which the menu-handling code is to be added.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Target Class</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The Java class (an Activity or Fragement) to which the menu-handling code is to be added. The Generate Options Menu... feature
            adds an onCreateOptionsMenu() method that inflates the specified menu. It also adds an
            onOptionsItemSelected() method containing an if/else block that provides you with a place to put your menu
            item handler code for each item in the menu.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Menu xml File</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>The xml file in the selected project's res/menu folder that defines the menu for which code is to be
            generated.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
