<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_pkg-export" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Export Android Package Files dialog</title>
  <shortdesc>Creates an Android Package file (.apk) for each APK configuration of each selected project. This dialog
    appears when you select <uicontrol>Export</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>File</uicontrol> menu, and then select <menucascade>
      <uicontrol>Android</uicontrol>
      <uicontrol>Export Android Application using MOTODEV Studio for Android</uicontrol>
    </menucascade> from the list of export destinations.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Package list</stentry>
          <stentry>Lists all of the projects in the current workspace. Specify at least one project to be
          exported.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Use default destination</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>If selected, the Android Package file for each project is placed within that project's <codeph
            >dist</codeph> directory. If this option is not selected, the Android Package files are all placed in the
            directory indicated by the <uicontrol>Destination</uicontrol> field. This option is selected by
          default.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <uicontrol>Destination</uicontrol>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>Specifies the directory into which the Android Package files are stored. This field is only valid if
              <uicontrol>Use default destination</uicontrol> is not selected.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <uicontrol>Sign the package</uicontrol>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>If selected, the exported Android Packages are signed according to the remaining fields in this
            section. Note that if you do not sign the Android Package when you export it, you can later sign it by
            right-clicking it in the Package Explorer view and selecting <uicontrol>Sign Android Package</uicontrol>
            from the <uicontrol>MOTODEV Studio for Android</uicontrol> menu.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Keystore</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Specify the keystore that contains the key to be used during the signing process. If the keystore is
            already known to (and listed in) the Signing and Keys view, select it from the drop-down list. Otherwise,
            click <uicontrol>Use existing</uicontrol> to specify an existing keystore that is not yet known to the
            Signing and Keys view, or <uicontrol>Add new</uicontrol> to create and use a new keystore.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Key</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Specify the key within the chosen keystore to be used for signing. Select an existing key from the
            drop-down list, or create a new key in the keystore by selecting <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
