<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_app-validating" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Validating an application from Eclipse</title>
  <shortdesc>From within Eclipse you can easily run the App Validator against any of your open projects.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>From the Package Explorer view either right-click the open project or right-click an APK file from your
          workspace and then select <uicontrol>Validate Android Application</uicontrol>. Note that you can validate
          multiple APKs or multiple Android projects at one time by selecting <menucascade><uicontrol
              >MOTODEV</uicontrol><uicontrol>App Validator</uicontrol><uicontrol>Validate Android
          Apps</uicontrol></menucascade> (to validate one or more APKs) or <menucascade><uicontrol
              >MOTODEV</uicontrol><uicontrol>App Validator</uicontrol><uicontrol>Validate Android
          Project(s)</uicontrol></menucascade> (to validate one or more Android projects).</cmd>
        <stepresult>The App Validator runs. The overall results are displayed in a Console view, and the various errors
          and warnings are listed in the Problems view, often with suggestions for fixing the problem. Double-click an
          entry in the Problems view to open the appropriate file in an editor view with the problem area highlighted.
            <p>After running the App Validator, those files with problems are appropriately marked with error or warning
            symbols in the Package Explorer.</p>Note that by default the output produced by the Android App Validator is
          equivalent to running it with command-line options for the default verbosity level (-v2) and a detailed log of
          every warning and error (-w4). These defaults can be changed (and other command-line options added) using the
          App Validator preferences dialog.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
