<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="u_appvalidator-prefs-general" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Android App Validator preferences - General Settings tab</title>
  <shortdesc>Use the General Settings tab to control those aspects of the App Validator that are independent of
    any specific checker or target device.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <!--<indexterm></indexterm>-->
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <simpletable>
      <strow>
        <stentry><b>Output limit</b></stentry>
        <stentry>Limits the output to the specified number of entries. A value of zero indicates that there should be no
          limit on the number of entries output by the App Validator.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry><uicontrol>Output type</uicontrol></stentry>
        <stentry>Format the output as text (the default), as XML, or as comma-separated values suitable for importing
          into a spreadsheet (CSV). When this option is specified, the verbosity level is automatically set to
        0.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry><uicontrol>Warning levels</uicontrol></stentry>
        <stentry>Controls the level of messages that are logged in the Problems view when the validator is run. Level 0
          ("No messages") results in the most concise output, with no errors, warnings, or fix suggestions being logged,
          while level 4 (the default) produces a detailed log of every error, warning, and fix suggestion.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry><uicontrol>Verbosity levels</uicontrol></stentry>
        <stentry>Controls the "verbosity level" - the level of detail that is logged in the Console view when the
          validator is run. Level 0 ("Only validation results") results in the most concise output, while level 2
          ("Debug and Execution Info"--the default) is the most verbose.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry><b>Show errors as warnings in Eclipse Problems view</b></stentry>
        <stentry>If selected, causes validation errors to be downgraded to warnings in the Problems view. This ensures
          that validation errors don't prevent your app from building.</stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
  </refbody>
</reference>
